If he can't get anything out
We quickly pry him in the arm with a gun
Sir, your income is too high
You have a lot to learn.
Like this one.
What do you two offer?
Why didn't you schedule the surgery?
Damn it, blow your nose on your face, right?
You dare to order me to be killed, wait a minute
You burned these things
How did you burn it?
I have something ready.
If it's not enough, come to me again.
His grandmother, are you a medicine cabbage?
Wait a minute.
I'll check first
If he dares to lie to me
These are all from your employer
Where did he get such a thing
Our employer even buys and sells military work
How many bottles of potions will you need?
Thank you very much for me
Yeah, tell him.
I will definitely rescue Zhang Yuan well
That's more like it.
Just find me if you have anything in the future
Sir, this family is too arrogant
Why don't you teach him a lesson?
Shut up shut up
block
disrespect
Never offend
Otherwise you don't know how you died
Is it that serious?
Something that even the teacher can't get
They can get it.
Do you think it's an ordinary person?
Tell the people of Xiamen
Keep a low profile
Brother opposite
You have been surrounded by an army called out
Except surrender
There is no other way.
I'm going to give you a chance.
voluntary submission
Surrender